# Crossborder.Address

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**city** | **String** | This parameter contains the city where the person resides. For transactions where it is not a person, this is the city where the business/entity resides.Â  (State, zip code, or other address elements must not be added to this field or transactions rejections may occur)  It holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 35 and a minimum length of 1 | [optional] 
**postalCode** | **String** | This parameter contains the postal code of the person. For transactions where it is not a person, this is the postal code of the Business/Entity. This parameter is only required for countries that use postal codes.  This parameter holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 16 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**countrySubdivision** | **String** | This parameter contains the state/province of the person. For transactions where it is a Business/Entity, this is the state/province where the business/entity resides. For Countries that do not have a country subdivision, this field should not be provided in the payment request.Â  (City, zip code, or other address elements must not be added to this field or transactions rejections may occur)  This parameter holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 35 and a minimum length of 2. | [optional] 
**country** | **String** | This parameter contains the three-letter \&quot;ISO 3166-1 alpha-3\&quot; country code of the person. When it is not a person, this is the country of the business/entity.Â  (City, state, zip code, or other address elements must not be added to this field or transactions rejections may occur)  This parameter holds a string of alphabet characters with an exact length of three. | 
**line2** | **String** | This parameter contains the value in address line 2 of the person. For transactions where it is not a person, this is address line 2 for the business/entity.Â  This field should contain additional information about the address only (as applicable): Apartment/room/suite identifier. (City, State, zip code, or other address elements must not be added to this field or transactions rejections may occur)  It holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 500 and a minimum length of 1 | [optional] 
**line1** | **String** | This parameter contains the value in address line 1 of the person. For transactions where it is not a person, this is address line 1 for the business/entity.Â  This field should contain the following components of the address only (each part as applicable): Physical address number, Directional indicators (N, W, SW, etc), Street Name, Thoroughfare type (LN, BLVD. etc).Â  (City, State, zip code, or other address elements must not be added to this field or transactions rejections may occur)  It holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 500 and a minimum length of 1. | 


