# Crossborder.Recipient

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**firstName** | **String** | This parameter contains the beneficiary&#39;s first name for transactions where the beneficiary is a person. For transactions where the beneficiary is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that it is required for transactions where the beneficiary is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is B2P, G2P, P2P. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**middleName** | **String** | This parameter contains the beneficiary&#39;s middle name For transactions where the beneficiary is a person. For transactions where the beneficiary is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is optional for transactions where the beneficiary is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is B2P, G2P, P2P. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is an optional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**lastName** | **String** | This parameter contains the beneficiary&#39;s last name for transactions where the beneficiary is a person. For transactions where the beneficiary is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is required for transactions where the beneficiary is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is B2P, G2P, P2P. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**organizationName** | **String** | This parameter contains an organization&#39;s name for transactions where the beneficiary is not a person. For transactions where the beneficiary is a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is required for transactions where the beneficiary is an organization, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is B2B, P2B. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**nationality** | **String** | For transactions where the beneficiary is a person, this is the beneficiary&#39;s nationality. This parameter contains the three-letter \&quot;ISO 3166-1 alpha-3\&quot; country code representing beneficiary&#39;s nationality. In the case of a business or government organization, this is the registered country of the organization.  It holds a string of alphabet characters with an exact length of three. | [optional] 
**address** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**governmentIds** | [**[GovernmentIds]**](GovernmentIds.md) | List of recipient government ids. Note: There can be 0 to many of these fields required and used for each transaction. | [optional] 
**phone** | **String** | This parameter contains the phone number of the beneficiary for transactions where the beneficiary is a person. For transactions where the beneficiary is a business/entity, this is the phone number of a contact at the business/entity.  It holds an alphanumeric special value with a maximum length of 30 and a minimum length of 1.&lt;br&gt; The number (usually a MSISDN) must be expressed as an E164 number containing:  [+][country code][area code][local phone number]  &#39;+&#39; - plus sign&lt;br&gt; country code - international country code&lt;br&gt; area code/national destination code - code without leading 0&lt;br&gt; phone number - local phone number  The &#39;+&#39; sign is mandatory (it is compliant with RFC3966 format / international number only). &lt;p&gt;examples :&lt;/p&gt;     &lt;table&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Country&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;Local Phone&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;E.164 Formatted Number&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;US&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;415 123 1234&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;+14151231234&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;tr&gt;     &lt;td&gt;UK&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;020 1234 1234&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;td&gt;+442012341234&lt;/td&gt;     &lt;/tr&gt;     &lt;/table&gt; | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | For transactions where the beneficiary is a person, this is the email address of the beneficiary. For transactions where the beneficiary is a Business/Entity, this is the email address of a contact at the business/entity.  It holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 1000 and a minimum length of 5. | [optional] 


