# Crossborder.Sender

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**firstName** | **String** | This parameter contains the consumer&#39;s first name for transactions where the sender is a person. For transactions where the sender is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is required for transactions where the sender is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is P2P or P2B. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**middleName** | **String** | This parameter contains the consumer&#39;s middle name for transactions where the sender is a person. For transactions where the sender is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is optional for transactions where the sender is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is P2P or P2B. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is an optional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**lastName** | **String** | This parameter contains the consumer&#39;s last name for transactions where the sender is a person. For transactions where the sender is not a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is required for transactions where the sender is a person, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is P2P, P2B. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**organizationName** | **String** | This parameter contains the organization&#39;s name for transactions where the sender is not a person. For transactions where the sender is a person, this field is not allowed.  Note that this parameter is required for transactions where the sender is an organization, i.e. the value of quoterequest or paymentrequest.payment_type is B2B, B2P, G2P. Providing this with other payment types will cause an error.  It is a conditional parameter that holds a string of alphanumeric special characters with a maximum length of 140 and a minimum length of 1. | [optional] 
**nationality** | **String** | For transactions where the sender is a person, this is the sending consumer&#39;s nationality. This parameter contains the three-letter \&quot;ISO 3166-1 alpha-3\&quot; country code representing the sender&#39;s nationality. In the case of a business or government organization, this is the registered country of the organization.  It holds a string of alphabet characters with an exact length of three. | [optional] 
**address** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**governmentIds** | [**[GovernmentIds]**](GovernmentIds.md) | List of sender government ids. Note: There can be 0 to many of these fields required and used for each transaction. | [optional] 
**dateOfBirth** | **String** | In case of Person: Sender&#39;s Date of Birth  In case of Business or Government Organization: Date of Establishment or Incorporation  It is an optional parameter that holds an \&quot;ISO 8601\&quot; date of the format YYYY-MM-DD. | [optional] 


